# Disclaimer

As of the date of publication, this documentation does not constitute advice nor a recommendation by the TeddySwap team, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisers or consultants, or any other person to any recipient of this document on the merits of purchasing, otherwise acquiring, or holding TEDY Tokens or any other cryptocurrency or token. The purchase and holding of cryptocurrencies and tokens carries substantial risks and may involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of any money invested. Do not purchase tokens unless you are prepared to lose the entire amount allocated to the purchase. TEDY Tokens, if and when they are created and made available, should not be acquired for speculative or investment purposes with the expectation of making a profit or immediate re-sale. They should be acquired only if you fully understand the intended functionality of the TEDY Tokens, and you intend to use the TEDY Tokens for those purposes only, and it is legal for you to do so. No promises of future utility or performance or value are or will be made with respect to TEDY Tokens, including no promise any TeddySwap networks will be launched, no promise of inherent value, no promise of any payments, and no guarantee that TEDY Tokens will hold any particular value. TEDY Tokens are not designed and will not be structured or sold as securities. TEDY Tokens will hold no rights and confer no interests in the equity of the TeddySwap business or any future TeddySwap platform. TEDY Tokens are designed and intended for future use on the public Cardano network for the purposes of governance and staking to support the continued use of the platform.

This documentation is not a prospectus or disclosure document and is not an offer to sell, nor the solicitation of any offer to buy any investment or financial instrument or other product in any jurisdiction and should not be treated or relied upon as one. Any distribution of this documentation must be of the complete document including the cover page and this disclaimer and the accompanying boilerplate in their entirety. All information in this document that is forward looking is speculative in nature and may change in response to numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors, and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited to the market value of cryptocurrencies.

This documentation is for information purposes only and will be subject to change. The TeddySwap team cannot guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclusions reached in this documentation. The TeddySwap team does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by statute or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to: any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, wage, title or non-infringement; that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; and that such contents do not infringe any third party rights.

The TeddySwap DAO, TeddySwap team, and operators shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to or reliance on the contents of this documentation, even if advised of the possibility of such damages arising. The TeddySwap team believes that the information reproduced in this documentation is accurate and that the estimates and assumptions contained herein are reasonable. However, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of any included information.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this documentation. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this documentation does not imply compliance with applicable laws or regulatory requirements. The TeddySwap DAO operates globally, not under the jurisdiction of any governmental organization, and no majority has been established in any specific jurisdiction.
